Let's roll.
Cool.
So I wanted to give you all a quick update intro demo
to this AI sandbox tool that you may have heard of.
I'm going to walk through a few of the features.
I'll start out by just saying.
The principle behind this thing is to show you not that AI is great for everything,
to try to encourage you to stick AI into every
product that you might be ideating around, but rather to provide
a simple way to interact with these tools and to quickly prototype.
One of the interesting things and dangerous things about
foundation models is that they are generically useful for text information tasks.
And so you can simultaneously prototype quickly, but you
can also get yourself into trouble thinking that can do things that it can't.
And so I wanted to set up an environment where people can poke at the guardrails,
prototype things quickly, figure out if there's something
there with respect to using this technology for your use case.
So to that end, I'll kind of
go through the highlights here.
So the first thing you'll notice is it's similar to chatgpt.com.
General idea is to try to be a superset of the feature offerings there.
We know that folks across government are shoving
classified or not classified but sensitive unclassified data
into chatgpt.com in violation of their policy every single day.
So we're hoping that we can offer this to those folks in such a way that they'll never look back.
So the first thing you'll notice that's different is that
there's more models to choose from and that the models come from different providers, right?
So we can access models from different vendors.
We aren't sort of locked into a single vendor here.
The other thing you'll notice is that there are some
custom models down here, which we'll get to in a moment.
So yeah, so basically you can choose a model, you can do the normal stuff, pick a random prompt.
It behaves very similarly to chatgpd.com, but the interesting stuff kind of happens up here.
So this is a kind of little workspace where you can do a little bit of prototyping.
So the first thing I'll show you is the playground.
For those that aren't familiar with what a system prompt is, basically it's instructions
that you can give to a model to guide its
behavior that operate differently from putting those instructions directly into the chat.
So if you ask the model to do something directly in the chat, it's gonna like,
kind of pay attention to that, but if you put it
in the system prompt, it's going to try really hard.
So I'll give a kind of example here.
We'll do something where we give some brief instructions.
So we'll do this.
Let me zoom in a little bit.
All right, so you are a plain language conversion assistant,
convert what the user said into plain language, do not add anything else to your response, right?
Let's for a moment just delete that and then we'll give it a complex paragraph.
I'm lifting this from the Wikipedia entry on electroencephalography.
We'll hit submit and we'll see what it does, right?
Okay, so it looks like we're still using a lot
of jargon here, you know, pyramidal neurons, allocortex, not sure everybody knows what that is.
So we can, you know, tweak this system prompt, we
can delete this response, we can tweak this system prompt, say
like, aim for a sixth grade reading level, either avoid jargon or
Explain complex terms.
See if that improves it.
Yeah, so no allocortex, no pyramidal neurons.
We're getting better, right?
So you can kind of sit here and work with these
system prompts to try to shift the guardrails, guide the behavior toward what you're looking for.
The interesting thing about this
Playground is that you can also mock up conversations.
So an important thing to note about these text models
is that they retain the previous messages each time they generate something.
And previous messages can affect what gets generated next.
And so the interesting thing about the playground is that
you can go back and edit historical messages for both the user and the assistant, right?
So you can mock up an entire conversation and see what
gets generated next in order to try and figure out if this
thing is going to kind of escape your guardrails in a certain situation.
So that can be helpful.
I'll go over here.
So we can also upload documents to give the model a knowledge base.
Sort of document retrieval and summarization is a kind of primary
mode for a lot of AI use cases in government.
So I'll show you how this works.
You can upload some documents.
I'm going to choose a couple of pardon forms.
from our forms platform effort, and I'm gonna give it a tag.
I'm gonna say pardon.
So I'm gonna do that.
These get uploaded.
And now we've got a tag here called pardon.
I can select it and I can see what documents are in my pardon collection.
So I can go create a new chat.
I can reference with the hashtag, the pardon collection, which will reference those two documents.
And I'm gonna say,
How do I qualify for a pardon?
So we can see that these two documents have been referenced down here.
We can click on them.
We can see the citations.
So these are the actual chunks of the documents themselves
that have been referenced by the model in providing this answer.
But one thing you'll notice is that it gives a
generic response, right, for eligibility across two documents.
These two documents are two different kinds of pardons.
One's simple marijuana, one's the presidential pardon,
and they have different eligibility requirements.
So this answer is not great, right?
So what can we do about that?
So we can go here.
We could go back to the playground.
We could tune a system prompt to try to improve that, like
say, hey, make a note if you have two different documents, et cetera.
And then what we can do is we can create a custom model.
And so this, I'm going to call it Pardon Bot.
We're gonna, you choose a base model.
So a custom model is really simple.
It's a base model, a system prompt, and a knowledge base.
And the knowledge base is optional.
So we're gonna give it a description, says things about pardons.
I'm gonna grab a little system prompt that I wrote previously and paste it in here.
But the kind of key piece of this is
So basically talk about which document it comes from, talk
about which page it comes from, and we'll see if that improves the quality of the response.
So I'm gonna select my pardon collection here, turn on
vision, because I don't need it, save it, create a new chat,
grab my pardon bot, and I'm gonna ask it the same question.
We'll see what happens.
Okay, interestingly, it gave me the results for one specific
kind of pardon, and it told me which specific kind of pardon.
I would have preferred to hear about both delineated
nicely, but we're moving in the right direction, right?
And that's ultimately what the sandbox is all about.